Creating a Stable Reverse Tunnel
Similar to when we had unprivileged shell
access to Ajla via the www-data user,
we can’t use a standard ssh connection for
Zora using the mysql account
since this user does not
have shell access by default.
While we can create a ssh tunnel
similar to the one used on Ajla,
there is another option
that we can set up
since Zora is running such
a recent version of Alpine.
Newer versions of the ssh client
allow us to establish a very
useful type of tunnel via reverse
dynamic port forwarding.
Zora is running ssh version 8.1, which
should support this feature.
If we can get this to work, we will have
full network access to the sandbox
internal network through a SOCKS
proxy running on our Kali machine.
Since we only have access to
a meterpreter shell,
we need to create a
new ssh key on Zora
and run the ssh client in a way
that does not require interaction.
First, let’s generate an
ssh key on Zora.
With the SSH keys generated,
we need to set up the authorized_keys
file on our Kali machine
for the kali user with the same
type of restrictions as we did earlier.
The “from” IP does not have to change
since the traffic is still coming
from the external firewall as
far as our Kali system is concerned.
We will need to change
the ssh command a bit.
This time, we don’t need multiple
remote port forwarding options.
We'll only need one port forwarding
option, which is -R 1080.
By not including a host after the port,
ssh is instructed to create a
SOCKS proxy on our Kali server.
We also need to change
the location of the private key.
Running this command will initiate
the ssh connection to our Kali machine.
We can double-check that
the port was opened
by running netstat on our Kali system.
With the dynamic reverse
tunnel established,
we can configure proxychains
on Kali to use the SOCKS proxy.
We can do this by opening the
proxychains configuration file,
and editing the last line,
specifying port 1080.
At this point, we should have a stable
tunnel to access the internal network
and can move on to the
next target, Poultry,
that we discovered in the
share mounted on Zora.